Voice enabled experiences are a big deal in business these days. For a good experience, you need a foundation of real time accurate transcription. But most automatic speech recognition services or As r's are built on technology that's over fifty years old. Yep. Even these guys. The old tech is fine for short call and response audio. Alexa. What's the weather today, but it just doesn't work for conversational audio. I'm having a problem with my super user service. This is what's happening. In order to make real use out of voice data, transcription needs to be accurate, fast, cost effective, and scalable. With the old tech, you can maybe get one or two of these requirements. But no matter how hard they try they just can't adapt it to give you all four. So we reinvented it. Hi. We're Deepgram. We built an end to end deep learning neural network. A what? Sorry, an Ai speech platform. That delivers actually usable transcriptions that get even better over time at lightning speed without high hardware costs or high transcription costs. And because we're better, faster and cheaper, Guess what. We're also more scalable. So if you've avoided building that great voice feature because you lack the right Apis. Good news. It's time to get to work. Triple espresso, please. What could you do with accurate real time transcription. Oh, just off the top of our heads, you could create conversational Ai virtual assistance, voice analytics, agent enable, compliance improvement, better customer experience. Just to name a few. We're here to help you go big. If you don't know where to start, don't worry. In addition to providing the best technology stack, Deepgram makes an excellent partner. We know the world is constantly changing and your audio and transcription needs will too. Will be with you every step of the way from labeling your data to training custom Ai models to deployment on prem or in the cloud To ensure your transcription foundation is powering the experience that actually delight your customers. So if you're ready to stop chugging along on less than ideals solutions and start building the next great voice product. We're ready to help make it happen. Deepgram. No compromises, only opportunities.