Hi, I'm Rebecca from Engvid. In this lesson, you'll have a chance to review eight common English errors. So let's see how you do. The first one. Today morning, I woke up late. So what's wrong with that? There is actually something wrong with each and every one of these. I'll tell you that in advance. There's no... There are no tricks here. Okay? So what's wrong with that sentence? Today morning, I woke up late. Well, it should be this morning. Okay? We don't say today morning? We say this morning. Number two, what's the different? What's the different? Well, that's wrong too because different is an adjective. What you want to use here is the noun. So what's the noun of this word? Difference. What's the difference? Okay? This is a really common error. So make sure you don't make this one. Next one. I met John two years before. K? What's wrong with that? Well, over here. We can't say I met John two years before, We can say, I met two I met John, two years ago. Alright? If you use the word before, then you have to say before something, before I graduated. Okay? Before I got married or whatever. But if you you can't use before by itself. So the proper word there is Ago, I met John two years ago. Next one. This is a six months course. That sounds almost okay, but it's not okay. So the mistake here is with the s. When we use this expression, it becomes the entire expression becomes an adjective for the noun course So we should say this is a six month course. This is a million dollar contract and so on. Okay? That's another. Each of these is a different element of grammar, different aspect of grammar and so on next, number five. Thank you. I really enjoyed. What's wrong with that? Well, the problem is here. Enjoyed is a reflex verb, so you would need to say I really enjoyed myself. I really enjoyed myself. He enjoyed himself. She enjoyed herself. We enjoyed ourselves. They enjoyed themselves. Okay? So there are certain reflex verbs in English, and we need to use them correctly. That's one of them. Very common one. Okay? Number six, did you lose your cell phone? What's wrong with that? I helped you a little bit by actually showing you where the error is? So many people make this error. This is actually a spare spelling mistake, you should be spelling the word this way. Did you lose your cell phone? Lose is an adjective, which means not tight? And lose is the opposite of find. Okay? Did you lose your cell phone? Also, the pronunciation is lose and not loose. Next one. This is an academic course. This is an academic course. So what was wrong with what I said there. Okay? So what was wrong was my pronunciation of that. So many people mispronounce this word. It is not academic It is academic. The stress is on the middle. Academic. This is an academic course. This is an academic program. Okay? So if in case you make that mistake? I'm not saying you do, in case you do, make sure you correct it. Last one, yes, I have a free time. Is that what's wrong there? What's going on? Okay. Here. We don't need to say, free time. We need to say free time because this isn't time is un uncomfortable now. Now Each one of these examples represents a different aspect of grammar. So how can you possibly learn all of them? Well, I'll give you two easy ways to help you out. One is to go to our website, w w w dot engvid dot com. Because there, we have currently, I think more than seven hundred lessons on different aspects of English grammar, and of English in general, for exams for writing, speaking, all kinds of things. And by watching them, you can find the lessons that you actually need. And the other thing is that we also have, I've written actually a resource which might help you, which shows fifty such common errors that people make in English. And that might help you out as well. Okay? So I hope you did well, and I hope you continue to do better and better in English, all the best with your English. Bye for now.